annot: boil water in a pot and add salt, 3-4 tsp of oil, add basmati rice and cook for about 6-7 minutes
ACTID: 0
PRED: boil
[DOBJ, ] water (None)
[PP, , in] a pot (None)
annot: heat 2 tbsp
ACTID: 1
PRED: heat
annot: of oil in a pan
ACTID: 2
PRED: oil
annot: add bay leaf
ACTID: 3
PRED: add
[DOBJ, ] bay leaf (None)
annot: cinnamon sticks
ACTID: 4
PRED: stick
annot: cloves
ACTID: 5
PRED: cloves
annot: and add all the chopped vegetables saute until partially cooked
ACTID: 6
PRED: add
[DOBJ, ] all the chopped vegetables saute until partially cooked (None)
annot: Add chopped potatoes
ACTID: 7
PRED: add
annot: Drain the water from the cooked rice
ACTID: 8
PRED: drain
[DOBJ, ] the water from the cooked rice (None)
annot: let it
ACTID: 9
PRED: let
[DOBJ, ] it (None)
annot: cool
ACTID: 10
PRED: cool
annot: Add all the spices into the cooked vegetables
ACTID: 11
PRED: add
[DOBJ, ] all the spices (None)
[PP, , into] the cooked vegetables (None)
annot: mix it well
ACTID: 12
PRED: mix
[DOBJ, ] it (None)
annot: Add a cup of curd
ACTID: 13
PRED: add
[DOBJ, ] a cup of curd (None)
annot: 1.5 tsp garlic ginger paste
ACTID: 14
PRED: paste
annot: 2 tsp of soy sauce, 1 tsp of chili sauce, add salt
ACTID: 15
PRED: sauce
annot: mix it well to combine
ACTID: 16
PRED: mix
[DOBJ, ] it (None)
annot: Add half part of mint leaves
ACTID: 17
PRED: add
annot: and water into the vegetables
ACTID: 18
PRED: water
annot: let it
ACTID: 19
PRED: let
[DOBJ, ] it (None)
annot: simmer for 5-10 minutes
ACTID: 20
PRED: simmer
[PP, , for] 5-10 minutes (None)
annot: Add tofu and cashews into the pan
ACTID: 21
PRED: add
[DOBJ, ] tofu (None), cashews (None)
[PP, , into] the pan (None)
annot: mix it gently
ACTID: 22
PRED: mix
[DOBJ, ] it (None)
annot: Add little oil on the pressure cooker bowl
ACTID: 23
PRED: add
[DOBJ, ] little oil (None)
[PP, , on] the pressure cooker bowl (None)
annot: spread a layer of vegetables and top it with ¼ of cooked rice
ACTID: 24
PRED: spread
[DOBJ, ] a layer of vegetables (None), top it (None)
[PP, , with] 1/4 of cooked rice (None)
annot: then add cinnamon sticks cardamom
ACTID: 25
PRED: add
annot: cloves mint leaves roasted onions, repeat the process for further layers
ACTID: 26
PRED: leave
[DOBJ, ] roasted onions (None), repeat the process for further layers (None)
annot: sprinkle coriander at the top and steam cook for half an hour without weight
ACTID: 27
PRED: sprinkle
[DOBJ, ] coriander at the top (None), steam cook (None)
[PP, , for] half an hour (None)
[PP, , without] weight (None)
annot: transfer the biryani onto a wide pan
ACTID: 28
PRED: transfer
[DOBJ, ] the biryani (None)
[PP, , onto] a wide pan (None)
annot: mix the rice gently
ACTID: 29
PRED: mix
[DOBJ, ] the rice (None)
annot: Serve it along with raita
ACTID: 30
PRED: serve
[DOBJ, ] it (None)